Tensorlab - Software License Agreement

This Software was developed by the research groups STADIUS Dept. of
Electrical Engineering (ESAT), and NALAG, Dept. of Computer Science, and is
owned by the KU Leuven (hereinafter referred to as "KU LEUVEN").

Article 1 - Definitions

1.1 "Software" shall mean KU LEUVEN's software described in Annex A.

1.2 "Effective Date" shall mean the date on which you download or install
the Software and associated files on your system.

1.3 "Academic User" shall mean a user of Software: who is employed by, or a
student enrolled at, or a scientist legitimately affiliated with an
academic, non-profit or government institution; and whose use of the
Software is on behalf of and in the interest of such academic, non-profit
or government institution and is not on behalf of a commercial entity.

Article 2 - License

2.1 As long as you qualify as an Academic User, KU LEUVEN hereby grants you
a royalty-free, non-exclusive, non-transferable, time limited license to
the Software supplied by KU LEUVEN for internal, non-commercial research
use only. You acknowledge and agree that you may not use the Software for
commercial purpose without first obtaining a commercial license from
KU LEUVEN.

2.2 For the purposes of this Agreement "use for commercial purposes" shall
include the use or transfer of the Software for a consideration as well as
the use of the Software to support commercial activities including
providing services with the Software to third parties. Any use of Software
for commercial purposes without first obtaining a license from KU LEUVEN
shall be deemed a breach of this Agreement for which KU LEUVEN shall be
entitled to whatever remedies it may have under law or equity, including
recovery of consequential damages.

2.3 You shall not sublicense any of your rights to the Software. Neither
will you transfer the Software to a third party, unless prior written
agreement of KU LEUVEN has been obtained.

2.4 This Agreement does not grant or imply any right, title or license into
or under any third party software (including but not limited to e.g.,
MATLAB software) or intellectual property rights relating thereto.

Article 3 - Ownership

The Software is copyrighted and KU LEUVEN retains all title and ownership
to the Software. Nothing in this Agreement shall preclude KU LEUVEN from
entering into agreements with third parties concerning the Software.

Improvements or modifications of the Software may not be distributed
without obtaining a prior written agreement of KU LEUVEN.

Article 4 - Publication

You shall acknowledge KU LEUVEN as the provider of the Software and shall
cite the references listed in Annex A in any manuscript describing data
obtained using the Software.

Article 5 - No Support

This license does not entitle you to receive from KU LEUVEN technical
support, telephone assistance, or enhancements or updates to the Software.
Any support that may be given by the authors of the Software on voluntary
basis is provided "as is" and KU LEUVEN makes no representations or
warranties of  any type whatsoever, express or implied, regarding the
provided support.

Article 6 - Warranty

6.1 The Software is provided "as is" by KU LEUVEN without warranty of any
kind, whether express or implied.  KU LEUVEN specifically disclaims the
implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose
or that the use of the Software will not infringe any patents, copyrights
or trademarks or other rights of third parties. The entire risk as to the
quality and performance of the Software is borne by you.

6.2 KU LEUVEN shall not be responsible for any loss, direct or indirect
damage or other liability incurred by you or any third party in connection
with the Software licensed by KU LEUVEN under this Agreement. Under no
circumstances shall KU LEUVEN be liable for any direct, indirect, special,
incidental, or consequential damages arising out of any performance of this
Agreement, whether such damages are based on contract, tort or any other
legal theory. You shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless KU LEUVEN from
all losses, damages, expenses, costs and other liabilities in connection
with your use or disclosure of the Software.

Article 7 - Indemnification

You will indemnify, defend and hold harmless KU LEUVEN, its directors,
officers, employees and agents from and against all liability, losses,
damages and expenses (including attorney's fees and costs) arising out of
any claims, demands, actions or other proceedings made or instituted by any
third party against any of them and arising out of or relating to any
breach of this Agreement by you, or any use of the Software by you, except
insofar as such claims or liability result from KU LEUVEN gross negligence
or willful misconduct.

Article 8 - Term

8.1 This Agreement is effective from the Effective Date until August 1,
2015. This Agreement will terminate immediately without notice from
KU LEUVEN if you fail to comply with any provision of this Agreement.

8.2 In case of termination the provisions of Article 3, 6, and 7 shall
remain in full force and effect.

8.3 Upon termination you will delete all copies of Software and the
attendant documentation.

Article 9 - Miscellaneous

9.1 Any notice authorised or required to be given to KU LEUVEN under this
Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to be duly given if left
at or sent by registered post.

9.2 The terms and conditions herein contained constitute the entire
agreement between the Parties and supersede all previous agreements and
understandings, whether oral or written, between the parties hereto with
respect to the subject matter thereof.

Article 10 - Conflicts

In the event of conflicts in the interpretation and/or performance of this
Agreement, the parties shall first undertake to settle their differences
amicably. If no amicable settlement can be reached concerning the execution
and/or interpretation of this Agreement, such conflict shall be brought
before the courts of Leuven and Belgian Law shall be applicable.

Annex A:

A.1 Description of the Software:

The Software constitutes any software distributed as part of or pertaining
to the MATLAB toolbox Tensorlab as made available online at
http://www.tensorlab.net/.

A.2 References:

[1] Vervliet, N. and Debals, O. and Sorber, L. and Van Barel, M. and De
    Lathauwer, L. Tensorlab 3.0, Available online, March 2016,
    URL: http://www.tensorlab.net/.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

MINPACK - Software License Agreement

Minpack Copyright Notice (1999) University of Chicago. All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

3. The end-user documentation included with the redistribution, if any,
must include the following acknowledgment:

   "This product includes software developed by the University of Chicago,
    as Operator of Argonne National Laboratory."

Alternately, this acknowledgment may appear in the software itself, if and
wherever such third-party acknowledgments normally appear.

4. WARRANTY DISCLAIMER. THE SOFTWARE IS SUPPLIED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY
OF ANY KIND. THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER, THE UNITED STATES, THE UNITED STATES
DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY, AND THEIR EMPLOYEES: (1) DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE OR
NON-INFRINGEMENT, (2) DO NOT ASSUME ANY LEGAL LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY
FOR THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, OR USEFULNESS OF THE SOFTWARE, (3) DO NOT
REPRESENT THAT USE OF THE SOFTWARE WOULD NOT INFRINGE PRIVATELY OWNED
RIGHTS, (4) DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE SOFTWARE WILL FUNCTION UNINTERRUPTED,
THAT IT IS ERROR-FREE OR THAT ANY ERRORS WILL BE CORRECTED.

5. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. IN NO EVENT WILL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER, THE
UNITED STATES, THE UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY, OR THEIR EMPLOYEES:
BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE
DAMAGES OF ANY KIND OR NATURE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF PROFITS
OR LOSS OF DATA, FOR ANY REASON WHATSOEVER, WHETHER SUCH LIABILITY IS
ASSERTED ON THE BASIS OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR STRICT
LIABILITY), OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF ANY OF SAID PARTIES HAS BEEN WARNED OF
THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGES.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

GenRTR - Software License Agreement

Copyright (c) 2007,2012 Christopher G. Baker, Pierre-Antoine Absil,
Kyle A. Gallivan. All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

3. Neither the names of the contributors nor of their affiliated
institutions may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL <COPYRIGHT HOLDER> BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.
